r/aws_instance: set  user_data cleartext instead of hash (#42078)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/guides/version-6-upgrade.html.markdown

- [Dropping Support For Amazon SimpleDB](#dropping-support-for-amazon-simpledb)
- [Dropping Support For Amazon Worklink](#dropping-support-for-amazon-worklink)
- [AWS OpsWorks Stacks End of Life](#aws-opsworks-stacks-end-of-life)

> - [resource/aws_instance](#resourceaws_instance)

Reviewer: I would alphabetize this. Or do we do them in order or RUM usage? This is one of the most important so I can see putting it first.

* The `etag` argument is now computed only.

## resource/aws_instance

> * The `user_data` attribute removes hashing and now displays in cleartext. Consider [AWS Best Practices](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-metadata.html) when using this attribute. Additionally, for base64 encoded user data, use the `user_data_base64` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `user_data` attribute no longer applies hashing and is now stored in clear text. **Do not include passwords or sensitive information** in `user_data`, as it will be visible in plaintext. Follow [AWS Best Practices](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-metadata.html) to secure your instance metadata. If you need to provide base64-encoded user data, use the `user_data_base64` attribute instead.
```

We gotta be very clear about this.

* Remove `block_duration_minutes` from configuration as it no longer exists.

## resource/aws_batch_compute_environment

* `compute_environment_name` has been renamed to `name`.
* `compute_environment_name_prefix` has been renamed to `name_prefix`.

## resource/aws_batch_comptete_environment_data_source

* `compute_environment_name` has been renamed to `name`.

> 

Author: duplicate entries
